[EXT-88] [EXT-89] Iterable extension with send email action (#274)
awell-health/awell-extensions: extensions/iterable/README.md

---
title: Iterable

> description: Iterable is a marketing automation platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Iterable is an email marketing automation platform that allows creating, sending, and tracking personalized email campaigns.
```

---

# Iterable

Iterable is a marketing automation platform that provides tools and services for businesses to engage with their customers through email, SMS, in-app notifications, and other digital channels. It allows businesses to create and manage personalized marketing campaigns, track customer behavior, and analyze data to optimize their marketing strategies.

Iterable offers features such as email marketing, segmentation, A/B testing, workflow automation, and analytics to help businesses deliver the right message to the right audience at the right time.

## Extension settings

> In order to set up this extension, you will need:
> 
> 1. An **Api Key** - Api Key used for request authorization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to set up this extension, you will need an API key to authenticate with the Iterable API.
```
